GAME IDEAS

1. "Surf Safari"

Endless runner with surfing.

Surf left -> right. You can get too far ahead of the wave (sink) or too behind (wipeout)

You should feel roughly to stay in the center while the wave scrolls past right -> left (and forward). It's 3D

Cartoon style. Not realistic graphics. Stylized highly.

Natural swipe controls for movement (up/down), as well as press to jump

More zoomed in than ski safari. Think, more like C64 california games surfing.

When it ends, you wipe out.

Obstacles in water:

- sharks
- life buoys

Powerups:

- star power
- chaining type speed boost, increases the power of the wave (multiple levels)
- when you are right in the zone 

You should be able to be a surfer dude or a surfer chick.

Multiplayer? (iPad, up/down tap left side of screen, up/down tap right side of screen?)

Networked multiplayer? No this is dumb.

You *must* be able to barrel.

Risk/reward. Get too far behind in the barrel, and you'll lose it.

Want a bigger view of the surfer than in Ski Safari, eg. surfer should be larger relative to sven.

There will be some sort of tradeoff with having the camera in close, eg. you can't have too much direct avoidance of obstacles
with such a zoomed in view, so think of it more about pulling cool tricks off.

Another guy is on the wave with you, you have to push them over. (cut in)

In ski safari, you continually try to get as far ahead (away from the avalanche)

In this game, you want to pull off cool surfing tricks and score points.

It should feel good to just move around and pull off jumps.

Need something more to keep the player playing though. What is the risk? To get really points you need to get close to wipeout.

Also, a concept of star power like guitar hero.

Maybe it's a bunch of waves you play, that are like a guitar hero song, so each time when you play the wave again you can eventually perfect it.

Should it feel like a "performance" of surfing, like guitar hero feels like a performance 

====

PC/console version. 4 player party game. All of you guys sharing the same wave, fighting it out.

